1- (ontology and “semantic annotation” and “knowledge graphs” and “qualitative analysis” and “quantitative analysis”)
2- (ontology and "qualitative coding" and “qualitative analysis” and “semantic web”)

A decade of Semantic Web research through the lenses of a mixed methods approach
S Kirrane, M Sabou, JD Fernández, F Osborne… - Semantic …, 2020 - content.iospress.com
… Concretely, we build on a qualitative analysis of the main seminal … [2] introduce knowledge
graphs as novel knowledge … For the quantitative analysis of our work, we employed data-…
Save Cite Cited by 16 Related articles All 14 versions
[BOOK] The Semantic Web: 15th International Conference, ESWC 2018, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, June 3–7, 2018, Proceedings
A Gangemi, R Navigli, ME Vidal, P Hitzler, R Troncy… - 2018 - books.google.com
… linked data and a reference model for all sorts of knowledge graphs … [10] conducted a
quantitative analysis for studying the … In detail, we firstly perform semantic annotation [10] in order …
Save Cite Cited by 11 Related articles All 4 versions
[PDF] hal.science
A tri-partite neural document language model for semantic information retrieval
GH Nguyen, L Tamine, L Soulier, N Souf - European Semantic Web …, 2018 - Springer
… ], semantic annotation of unstructured or structured data [6], … of knowledge sources (linguistic,
knowledge graphs,...) can be … quantitative analysis with a comparative qualitative analysis …
Save Cite Cited by 13 Related articles All 16 versions
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] User-centered design of a web-based crowdsourcing-integrated semantic text annotation tool for building a mental health knowledge base
X He, H Zhang, J Bian - Journal of biomedical informatics, 2020 - Elsevier
… a text phrase to an existing ontology class accurately. For example, … the existing ontologies;
and the recommended ontology classes are … Constructing knowledge graphs of depression …
Save Cite Cited by 19 Related articles All 5 versions
[PDF] mdpi.com
The architecture of mass customization-social Internet of Things system: Current research profile
Z Dou, Y Sun, Z Wu, T Wang, S Fan… - … International Journal of …, 2021 - mdpi.com
… [39] proposed a device-oriented automatic semantic annotation … generating various types of
knowledge graphs, people can better … Through the qualitative analysis of its complex system …
Save Cite Cited by 10 Related articles All 7 versions 
[PDF] hal.science
Semantic information retrieval on medical texts: Research challenges, survey, and open issues
L Tamine, L Goeuriot - ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR), 2021 - dl.acm.org
… resources (eg, ontologies, thesaurus, knowledge graphs) that provide … The result of the
semantic annotation is an enriched text, … Their finding is based on a quantitative analysis of the …
Save Cite Cited by 15 Related articles All 10 versions
[PDF] hal.science
Semantic frameworks to enhance situation awareness for defence and security applications
V Dragos - 2021 - hal.science
… a domain ontology to describe data semantics, and implementing semantic annotation …
with corresponding elements of the domain ontology along with reasoning mechanisms for data …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles All 3 versions 
[PDF] uts.edu.au
Trends in Digital library research: a knowledge mapping and ontology engineering approach
SH Nguyen - 2013 - opus.lib.uts.edu.au
… Knowledge graphs are networks of concepts, and they consist of nodes representing … Many
researchers have used quantitative analysis techniques to study the trends of research within …
Save Cite Cited by 4 Related articles All 2 versions 
[PDF] mdpi.com
Discovering hidden mental states in open multi-agent systems by leveraging multi-protocol regularities with machine learning
E Serrano, J Bajo - Sensors, 2020 - mdpi.com
… , but resolving conflicts between ontologies used by these agents. … be labeled with a
semantic annotation m ( v ) = q ( X , Y , Z ) . … The typical quantitative analysis, very present in the …
Save Cite Cited by 5 Related articles All 7 versions 
[PDF] uva.nl
[PDF] Entity-centric document understanding
C Wu - pure.uva.nl
… construction of ontology for semantic annotation of biomedical … of semantic search and
knowledge graphs in recent years, … To answer RQ1.4 we perform a quantitative analysis similar …
Save Cite Related articles 

[PDF] MSc. in Entrepreneurial Engineering EE3, Master's thesis project 3rd of June 2021 Neesha Narayanan (nnaray20@ student. aau. dk)
N Narayanan - projekter.aau.dk
… Parallelly, conducting qualitative analysis with use case through collaboration with the
company – Nohara holdings and quantitative analysis by gathering corporate examples of if and …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] uni-giessen.de
Konzeption, Implementierung und Qualitätsbewertung der Integration semantischer klinischer Daten aus heterogenen Registerdatenbanken in ein zentrales …
MR Stöhr - 2023 - jlupub.ub.uni-giessen.de
… and designed for ontology representation and … knowledge-graphs. It is commonly used in
many fields like content management, content discovery, data integration, semantic annotation …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] uio.no
Exploring Natural Language Inference through Transitive Reasoning
VA Huseby - 2022 - duo.uio.no
… compact extractions with semantic annotation. Ad… quantitative analysis, this chapter will
look closer at the performance of the three settings of the T-NLI system. The qualitative analysis …

An approach to folksonomy-based ontology maintenance for learning environments
D Gašević, A Zouaq, C Torniai… - IEEE Transactions …, 2011 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… semantic web vision relies on ontologies as its main knowledge structure. However, ontologies
… , which are reported in the results of the qualitative analysis. To determine if there is any …
Save Cite Cited by 41 Related articles All 14 versions
[PDF] openreview.net
Discovering research hypotheses in social science using knowledge graph embeddings
R de Haan, I Tiddi, W Beek - … Semantic Web: 18th International Conference …, 2021 - Springer
… The DISK hypothesis ontology [7] was introduced to capture the evolution of research … in
a hypothesis can be described with the PICO ontology Footnote 3 , describing Patients, the …
Save Cite Cited by 9 Related articles All 5 versions
[HTML] springeropen.com
[HTML] Evaluating QualiCO: an ontology to facilitate qualitative methods sharing to support open science
J Hocker, T Bipat… - Journal of Internet …, 2021 - jisajournal.springeropen.com
… Broadly, we believe an ontology for sharing qualitative coding schemas has the potential to
… In a prior publication [29] we focused only on the qualitative analysis on the interviews using …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles All 11 versions 
Visions of time in geospatial ontologies from indigenous peoples: A case study with the Eastern Cree in Northern Quebec
G Reid, R Sieber, S Blackned - International Journal of …, 2020 - Taylor & Francis
… We imported texts from transcripts of interviews and field notes into the qualitative analysis
software, … The last set of nodes in this qualitative analysis corresponds to our results that we …
Save Cite Cited by 8 Related articles
[PDF] academia.edu
[PDF] Developing a computational ontology to understand the
M Hanchard, P Merrington, B Wessels, K Rogers… - 2020 - academia.edu
… It constitutes a first stage of qualitative analysis which informs … In our descriptive qualitative
coding, we started with an initial … WebVOWL is an interactive semantic web-based application …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] meipokwan.org
Geo-narrative: Extending geographic information systems for narrative analysis in qualitative and mixed-method research
MP Kwan, G Ding - The Professional Geographer, 2008 - Taylor & Francis
… a 3D geovisualization and qualitative analysis component, called 3D-… Qualitative coding is
similar to conventional coding in … These studies attempt to bridge the ontological and semantic …
Save Cite Cited by 490 Related articles All 8 versions
[PDF] amazonaws.com
[PDF] Developing a computational ontology to understand the relational aspects of audience formation
M Hanchard, P Merrington… - Emerald Open …, 2020 - … .s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
… It constitutes a first stage of qualitative analysis which informs our … Our qualitative coding of
interviews produced a coding … WebVOWL is an interactive semantic web-based application …
Save Cite Related articles All 17 versions 
[PDF] sjsu.edu
Using Technology Enabled Qualitative Research to Develop Products for the Social Good, An Overview
MMH Roldan, R Burkhard - Issues in Innovation, 2010 - scholarworks.sjsu.edu
… ontologies are a key part of developing the semantic web … tagged based on a relevant
ontology at the point ofcreation, … innovative opportunities for qualitative analysis. For example, the …
Save Cite Cited by 3 Related articles All 6 versions 
[PDF] rwth-aachen.de
[PDF] Formalization, user strategy and interaction design: Users' behaviour with discourse tagging semantics
B Sereno, S Buckingham Shum, E Motta - 2007 - informatik.rwth-aachen.de
… fall outside ontology-based Semantic Web approaches which … This paper reports the first
quantitative and qualitative analysis … , and explained through qualitative coding of the data. …
Save Cite Cited by 14 Related articles All 14 versions 
[PDF] sagepub.com
Full View
An Ontology of Semiotic Activity and Epistemic Figuration of Heritage, Memory and Identity Practices on Social Network Sites
K Kirtiklis, R Laužikas, I Kelpšienė, C Dallas - SAGE Open, 2023 - journals.sagepub.com
… HMI on SNS studies, a qualitative analysis of concepts used in … to use for lexical analysis and
qualitative coding of both SNS … the web with FOAF: A semantic web case study [Conference …
Save Cite

[PDF] Textual statistics and information discovery: Using co-occurrences to detect events
E MacMurray, L Shen - VSST Conference, Toulouse, France, 2010 - lionel.shen.free.fr
… However, with the advent of the “semantic web”, access to … [is] subject to an ontological
reality that is fickle and unstable.” … This research therefore, aims at bypassing qualitative coding …
Save Cite Cited by 4 Related articles All 2 versions 
[PDF] vcu.edu
[BOOK] Automatically detecting the resonance of terrorist movement frames on the web
U Etudo - 2017 - search.proquest.com
… resultant ontology can be accurately processed from textual data sources. This dissertation
… ontologies and discovered from websites and online personas of concern. We develop a …
Save Cite Cited by 6 Related articles All 5 versions
[PDF] itep.ru
[PDF] Semantic network analysis
W van Atteveldt - … for Extracting, Representing, and Querying Media …, 2008 - book.itep.ru
… ontologies or aggregating on different aspects of the same … tion techniques called the
Semantic Web to represent the … cially between quantitative and qualitative analysis, and between …
Save Cite Cited by 29 Related articles All 7 versions 
[PDF] uniacademia.edu.br
Uso de processo sistemático fundamentado em modelagem ontológica aplicado à estratificação de risco em ansiedade para análise quali-quanti
RB Dominato, CMG de Assis… - ANALECTA-Centro …, 2023 - seer.uniacademia.edu.br
… make quantitative and qualitative analysis difficult to reassess the … a systematic process based
on ontological modeling applied to … As a result, the systematic process and the ontological …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] clemson.edu
Generating Sex Trafficking Networks From Text Documents
M Diaz - 2022 - tigerprints.clemson.edu
… the same difficulties with qualitative coding: Too much text, not … is through qualitative analysis,
specifically qualitative coding. … They also suggest using a dynamic keyword ontology while …
Save Cite Related articles 
A language-based interface for analysis of digital storytelling
A Gloder, L Ducceschi, M Zancanaro - Proceedings of the International …, 2020 - dl.acm.org
… -augmented and automatic qualitative coding of data, the … ontologies: Combining syntactic
analysis and ontology-based lookup through the user interaction. In Extended Semantic Web …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles
[HTML] springer.com
[HTML] Information needs for making clinical recommendations about potential drug-drug interactions: a synthesis of literature review and interviews
KM Romagnoli, SD Nelson, L Hines, P Empey… - BMC Medical Informatics …, 2017 - Springer
… ) conducted an open-coding qualitative analysis of the included articles … Using the
Micropublications ontology and the Open … the codebooks used in qualitative coding are available …
Save Cite Cited by 32 Related articles All 12 versions
[PDF] ualberta.ca
[BOOK] The Shoemaker's Son: A substantive theory of social media use for knowledge sharing in academic libraries
E Forcier - 2013 - search.proquest.com
… of knowledge from different epistemological and ontological valences. In Chapter Six (―…
As the next chapter will discuss, the iterative process of qualitative coding and the use of …
Save Cite Cited by 9 Related articles All 6 versions
[PDF] dal.ca
Shared Decision Making: Managing Non-critical Chronic Illness by Combining Behavioural & Decision Theory with Online Technology
A Russell - 2015 - dalspace.library.dal.ca
… An ontology model is used to integrate the core components of the conceptual model for SDM.
The ontology … We devised mock screens based on the ontology model and decision logic. …
Save Cite Related articles All 4 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Data-Driven Futuristic Scenarios: Smart Home Service Experience Foresight Based on Social Media Data
Y Cheng, S Sul - Systems, 2023 - mdpi.com
… The parts of the qualitative coding results are presented in … We consider the qualitative
coding results to be the weak … collects data through a qualitative analysis such as interviews, …
Save Cite Related articles 

“Who Is the FAIRest of Them All?” Authors, Entities, and Journals Regarding FAIR Data Principles
L Corujo - Publications, 2022 - mdpi.com
… ; (2) equal to RDF, linked data, or the semantic web; (3) limited to how humans are able to
find, … for ontologies: a case study of an open science ontology for qualitative coding schemas …
Save Cite Related articles All 5 versions 
[PDF] infodocs.eu
[PDF] Who Is the FAIRest of Them All?
L Corujo - Authors, Entities, and Journals Regarding FAIR Data … - microblogging.infodocs.eu
… ; (2) equal to RDF, linked data, or the semantic web; (3) limited to how humans are able to
find, … for ontologies: a case study of an open science ontology for qualitative coding schemas …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] vu.nl
[PDF] VU Research Portal
WH van Atteveldt - research.vu.nl
… ontologies or aggregating on different aspects of the same … tion techniques called the
Semantic Web to represent the … cially between quantitative and qualitative analysis, and between …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] arxiv.org
Characterizing the Users, Challenges, and Visualization Needs of Knowledge Graphs in Practice
H Li, G Appleby, CD Brumar, R Chang… - arXiv preprint arXiv …, 2023 - arxiv.org
… dating back to the rise of the semantic web [9] first proposed by … We carried out a qualitative
coding process to analyze our … to generate concept maps or ontologies, formally representing …
Save Cite Related articles All 2 versions 
[PDF] metu.edu.tr
Using Post-Project Reviews for Risk Assessment of Construction Projects
P Shokouhi - 2022 - open.metu.edu.tr
… Interviews were transcribed, and qualitative analysis of semi-… The outcomes of the study
show that ontology-based risk … general information regarding qualitative coding processes. …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] unl.pt
Implementing the International Image Interoperability Framework (IIIF) for accessibility and reuse of cultural heritage resources on the web–Challenges and …
CPC Pitta - 2023 - run.unl.pt
… and in Portugal through qualitative analysis of professionals’ responses to a questionnaire.
… from stricter adherence to Semantic Web standards and ontological models like RDFS and …
Save Cite 
[PDF] uchicago.edu
[PDF] Files of a Feather Flock Together
W Brackenbury - Master's thesis. University of Chicago, 2019 - newtraell.cs.uchicago.edu
… and use these to build ontologies. These concepts resemble … Semantic Filesystems Work
in the semantic web [27] … -text response data primarily through qualitative coding. To surface …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles 
[PDF] arxiv.org
Critical-Reflective Human-AI Collaboration: Exploring Computational Tools for Art Historical Image Retrieval
K Glinka, C Müller-Birn - arXiv preprint arXiv:2306.12843, 2023 - arxiv.org
… They point out that the automation of qualitative analysis in its … different stages during a
qualitative analysis process as one … Such textual and ontological knowledge representations are …
Save Cite Related articles All 2 versions 
[PDF] github.io
An empirical study of model errors and user error discovery and repair strategies in natural language database queries
Z Ning, Z Zhang, T Sun, Y Tian, T Zhang… - Proceedings of the 28th …, 2023 - dl.acm.org
… to complement the quantitative benchmark with the qualitative analysis of those NL2SQL
models. … ATHENA: an ontology-driven system for natural language querying over relational data …
Save Cite Cited by 4 Related articles All 5 versions
[PDF] soton.ac.uk
Emerging a web science lexicon
E Coskun - 2018 - eprints.soton.ac.uk
Web Science is an emerging subject which is fundamentally inter-disciplinary. The term Web
Science was first coined in 2006. Subsequently, a growing number of institutions across the …
Save Cite Related articles All 2 versions 

User interfaces supporting information visualization novices in visualization construction
L Grammel - 2012 - dspace.library.uvic.ca
… ontologies encapsulate single visualization concepts, eg, tree maps. A semantic bridging
ontology is … Automated visualization of semantic web data is challenging because it is often …
Save Cite Cited by 3 Related articles All 5 versions 
[PDF] core.ac.uk
[PDF] Acquisition and sharing of innovative manufacturing knowledge for preliminary design
S Mountney - 2009 - core.ac.uk
This study investigates the identification, acquisition and sharing of innovative manufacturing
knowledge for the preliminary design of complex mechanical components. Such …
Save Cite Cited by 5 Related articles All 4 versions 
[PDF] vuw.ac.nz
New Zealand Published LIS and ARM Research, 2004-2014: A Subject Analysis
E Godfrey - 2016 - researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz
Research problem: While subject analyses of research topics have been conducted on Library
and Information Science (LIS) and Archives and Records Management (ARM) research …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles All 3 versions 
[PDF] core.ac.uk
[PDF] Social media mental health analysis framework through applied computational approaches
X Chen - 2020 - core.ac.uk
… , ensemble learning, deep learning, network and graph theory, ontology and semantic
web. … Ontology is a branch of philosophy is concerned with theories of realities (Beynon-Davies, …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles All 5 versions 
[PDF] mmu.ac.uk
Student perceptions on skills and learning challenges in the use of educational technology in a low-contact, blended and professional learning context: a grounded …
P Catherall - 2017 - e-space.mmu.ac.uk
This research project provides an original contribution to knowledge, comprising a grounded
and unified theory of improvisational behaviours via Blended Learning and suggests a new …
Save Cite Cited by 2 Related articles All 3 versions 
[PDF] uoguelph.ca
Adapting Open: Exploring the Effective Use of Open Data in the Region of Waterloo
C Skinner - 2014 - atrium.lib.uoguelph.ca
… This chapter presents the researcher's ontological and epistemological approach before
going on to explain the study's mixed methods approach. The study uses a combination of key …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles All 2 versions 
[PDF] umich.edu
[BOOK] Arkose: A Prototype Mechanism and Tool for Collaborative Information Generation and Distillation
KK Nam - 2010 - search.proquest.com
The goals of this thesis have been to gain a better understanding of collaborative knowledge
sharing and distilling and to build a prototype collaborative system that supports flexible …
Save Cite Related articles All 3 versions

